red star belgrade was the first name
test opponents of our team
during the training camp in bad
Radkersburg on Tuesday evening for ours
crew in the approximately 40 kilometer
distant Slovenian tui and of course
There were also some 96 fans on the spot
the team to Austria in the
accompanied by this year's training camp
and of course to this
test game chefrainer tayfun korkut has
it already indicated during the week
Some players should now over
the complete 90 minutes go
and who that was against belgrade today was that
Let's look at each other now in the
tor launched our new entry robert
Almer in his first game in the new
shirt
The rookies ak started on his right
defensive side
the central defense was marcelo
and stefan teska of the ailing
christian schulz contract left began
standard specialist christian pander
Over 90 minutes, the two went
Sixth leon andreasen and moritz deer
the also battered manuel
Schmiedebach represented Leo Begcourt
right the prib on the left rossel im
Storm and capitano lars stindl of course
again today with the number 10 on
the back on his position in the
offensive midfield
purely in the part and belgrade occurred
right to less against the ball
rather than against our players here
had to plug in lars stindl and only
rose a little later
There were not even two minutes
played but belgrade should be too
a little later hit the round leather
led another minute ball from robert
Almer and then the ball sailed
straightway to sabine witt
alba was able to do that for a moment
Shiny respond to the margin
neda fritsch was alba but then
powerless
the zero to one after only four
played minutes
and it got even thicker that was the
belgrade captain niedermaids with the
ball on darko lazovic the past
Christian Pander and then there again
even fritsch the perfect 96 start
made the 0 2 after twelve played
minutes but 96 showed moral and
reacted in the meanwhile warburg in
the lot came in christian
pander and he can throw far
somehow the ball came through to stindl
shot from the turn and then there was
so snail was exactly where a
Striker must stand the connecting goal
for our team in the 25 minute
and what followed was just
wonderful to watch 38 minutes played
intervene belgrade ball intercepted by
car so burk went a few steps
and then just pulled off a glorious
hit our striker from the almost
six months was injured
Now he is back and like one
Hut absolutely the brand gate of the month
and we can sympathize with that
but charcoal from the heart
just before the break showed our
new entrant stefan tester how fast he is
when he is in the highest distress against the
lazovic returned 96 came
unchanged from the break and it took
up to 64 minutes he gives this good free kick
position for 96 jumped out
the edgar prib just passed by
shortly thereafter in the 67 minute there was
Two debuts are ours
new entries gülselam and hiroshi petacchi
came for stefan tester and edgar prib in
the game
It should also be another change
still give for leo begcourt the
really had to plug in a lot
in the 72 minute kenan karaman one
fifteen minutes before the end
our keeper robert almer that he
He was wide awake when he got that wide ball
cleared on djordje rakic in full sprint
a bit of bad luck in the next scene
had our new 28 kilo days than he did
actually
But then it worked well
Reacting belgrader Schlussmann and
at the post failed a pity but in
this 79 minutes of play since you have seen
what a potential in the young
it works better then it should only work
three minutes later than artur bugger who
otherwise his third as well
achieve remarkable hits of the day
could and the 3 2 endstand established
the exactly timed preparatory work came along
by captain lars stindl first test in
training camp first victory and the against
all attention to the Serbian master
trainer tayfun korkut analyzed in the
press session after the game that really
very hard partie seen that
It was a very difficult game
simply against a team
especially in the
always a tick was too late in the beginning phase
and then not this tick too late
tried to solve differently
So we tried most over
to bring the 90 minutes
yes, too
battered andreas still in the square
So some players had stayed
the goods were really on the limit
but we wanted today , yes I have
before that really said this 90th
minutes to go
that 's your son's tough game too
such a body-oriented game will be
Of course we have already planned
on Wednesday afternoon at 16 o'clock
the second test game on the program
then in the therme marina here with us
in Bad Radkersburg against the Hungarian
second division aqua tk and 96 tv will be
of course, be for you on the spot